Hello everybody.
Good morning family.
It's afternoon, evening, or good night, whatever one you are, wherever you are in the world right now.
Well, I just felt in my heart the Lord told me, He said, "I want you to go on and pray.
" And we'll do a little prayer service here, praying over the families.
You know, I think it's interesting.
How many people are here before I start talking?
500, 600.
Okay.
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for this time of prayer.
We invite You in, of course, Father, You're everything to us.
We can't do any of this without You.
But, Father, I thank You, Lord, that we pray Your heart tonight.
And they are pinpoint precise prayers.
Father, we're not scattershot, but we hit the target right on.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You've called us and You've chosen us for such a time as this.
It's time, Father, that we rise up, take our authority, and pray.
And we thank You, Lord, that You meet us right here and the glory comes.
The glory, the glory.
Thank You, Lord, for the glory.
Thank You, Lord, for all Your presence, the angels that are protecting and watching over us as we do this, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We put a bloodline around this house right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord, that Your angels are surrounding us and they're bearing us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've given us—the authority of the believer to tell the devil he is under our feet in Jesus' mighty name.
Well, okay.
So, we have a lot of different things we can talk about.
I'll try to keep this as short as possible because it's already pretty late here, but I have some things on my heart to talk about.
You know, it's interesting.
We were interceding for Minnesota.
And the devil raises his stinking head out of that molehole and did what he did today.
We pray for the people that were affected by this tragic event in Minnesota today with these children.
But it shows where there's a glory spot trying to form because the enemy comes immediately to kill, steal, and destroy.
He comes to try to silence it.
He wants to bring fear, torment, and destruction in everything he does.
So, it's Minnesota.
Just like what I'm telling you all when we're interceding and the Lord's showing us there's something about to happen.
There's a major move of God that we're going to experience on this earth like we've never seen before.
But one of the major places that we're praying over is Minnesota.
And here we have this event take place today.
So, it's tragic.
And this is why I told you all as parents to drive around and plead the blood of Jesus over your schools where your children are at.
And in the morning when the children get up for school, take communion before you go.
Take your authority, read in Ephesians, and go through the book of Ephesians, and take your seat next to Him in the heavenlies.
This is important.
You say, "Well, we don't have time in the morning.
" No, you don't have time not to go and take your authority and pray over your children every day.
Anoint them with oil.
Send your angels.
I believe that we have power and authority over all this stuff.
And the bottom line is, this young man whoever did this tragic thing was demonically possessed.
And so that's why I tell everybody: if you put the bloodline, I believe a thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
But you have to take your place every day and pray around your kid's school if you're able to drive around it.
We drive around the school, drive around and just pray in the spirit.
If you know how to pray in the spirit, pray in tongues.
Pray in tongues around there.
If you don't know what to pray, let the Holy Spirit lead you.
And you just go around praying in the spirit around your church.
This is what I've told you.
The enemy would try to bring fear in the days ahead so that people would not want to come together and assemble together through mass casualties like this.
This is what I saw coming.
This is what I tried to warn y'all about on another level, about the Second Amendment and things that are attached to this.
And that's why the Lord told me, He said, "You must pray because in the days ahead, churches will be a target—not only churches, but major speakers, major ministers that have huge platforms, to cause fear for the revival that's about to come so that people go, 'Well, I don't want to go there.
'" And I even told Diana, we were talking about it.
That's it.
The enemy will try to bring so much confusion and chaos so that the freedoms you take for granted every single day as Americans—where we wake up and don't really have to think about, 'Am I safe to go to Walmart?
Am I safe to go to the grocery store?
' because we just live in a society that is pretty safe, not like in a third-world country—the Lord was showing me that the enemy would try to instill fear in people so that you don't feel like you have the confidence to go to church, and you're always on edge.
But I know that as a believer who knows their authority, you can pray over your community.
That's why I drive around a lot.
We look at thrift stores or whatever, but you can drive around in your community and pray, and we pray in tongues a lot.
Diana and I, we just drive around because we know the power and the authority of the believer to do this.
And we drive around in the poor neighborhoods, we drive around the rich neighborhoods, and we just drive.
And I just get in and listen to my preaching sermons.
And today, most of my day was praying.
Most of my day was praying in the spirit, praying over things, and doing my assignments.
I was on assignment all day long praying for a megachurch and praying over Israel because I had a word last night.
The Lord visited us again, and the anointing was so strong, y'all.
And He was showing me surprise attacks coming against Israel in the middle of the night.
And He said, "You must pray.
There will be surprise attacks.
" And I'll go into all the things I saw concerning what's coming because it needs to be said.
I was praying over Damascus, and then I was told this afternoon, Diana said, "Did you see that Israel struck Damascus?
" And this is exactly what we've been praying over.
I hadn't had time to make a video, but the Lord showed me an acceleration of war.
And He told me this thing was going to try to really kick off, and as they try to take over Gaza and all those things take place, you're going to see an escalation of war.
I saw surprise attacks, like October 7th, that would happen in the night.
And this is why I told you about the big 50-gallon drums.
Who remembers the 50-gallon drums?
Comment in the comments section down below.
It was the 50-gallon drums of the liquid gas stuff.
The Lord has had me praying over that.
And then I saw Turkey would be involved in the days ahead, and I saw those soldiers marching again with red hats; the Lord showed me them marching.
So, these are the things I've been praying over today—praying over Israel, praying over what's coming in September.
September is a hotspot.
Remember the eclipse on the 7th.
We are praying over this timeframe because this is a time of great acceleration.
It's not normal.
What we're about to experience is not normal.
We are on a timeframe, like I told you, where you accelerate and you live, and then you acclimate, and then you accelerate and you acclimate, and you accelerate and you acclimate.
So as you accelerate, you're going to acclimate.
But there are things that are coming in the spirit realm; I can feel it.
And like I told you all in the last couple of videos, I've tried to tell you the things I was seeing.
So, as I was praying, I saw the White House again, and the Lord showed me Washington, D.
C.
He said, 'I want you to pay attention to what I'm showing you about the lights being on in the White House.
' And I could see in the vision, it looked like it was dark outside.
It started getting dark outside because of the storm that I was seeing.
I see a major storm coming on America.
I am praying over this storm, trying to keep it from happening.
But as I was praying, the lights were all on in every window of the White House.
And they were glowing with a glow.
Now, I know it's not like a physical light is really on, like these lights are on here.
It's actually a representation of something.
And the Lord said, 'For what is coming, you will be so thankful.
' And I'm not being political, I'm just being real with y'all about what the Lord said.
He said, 'You'll be so thankful that you have Trump in office for what's coming in the days ahead.
' You'll be so thankful.
And then as I was seeing over in this, I saw tree limbs that looked like whenever you see a tornado go through an area and the trees just look like they're stripped.
They're stripped of their limbs, they're stripped of their leaves, and they're bare.
Around the White House, there are a lot of trees.
But in this vision, when I was praying, all the trees were completely stripped bare, and there were limbs laying all over the lawn of the White House.
But there was a storm that was above, like I've always told you about.
But as I was looking, the lights were on in the White House, and He said, 'Pay attention to that.
' The Lord said that.
Now He said, 'Look to the northeast.
' It was like looking this way, almost straight north, but over this way.
As I was looking, I could see Niagara Falls, the river that runs through there, going over into Canada.
I could see a glow on that river for some reason.
But as you looked at a dividing border, looking over into Canada, I saw great darkness.
And I kept repeating when I was praying, I told Dina, 'It's dark, it's dark.
' But it's not dark as in evil; it's dark as in there's no light.
There's no light, and I could see no light.
But as that happened, I was taken to the far west, and I was shown British Columbia again, and it was shaken with the most devastating earthquake I've ever seen in a city.
I keep seeing this event happening: a major earthquake, a shaking in British Columbia.
Now, I don't know when.
It could be years, it could be days, it could be tomorrow.
All I know is this is what I'm seeing, and I'm praying over this earthquake not to happen over British Columbia.
So as I'm seeing all that, the Lord told me, 'What will happen in Canada in the days ahead because of what they decided in their vote, because of what a lot of them decided.
' Not saying everybody, because a lot of you would be very upset because you're going, 'I didn't vote that way.
' No, the majority.
As the majority go this way, I saw a financial depression coming on Canada.
And the Lord said, 'The tribulation has not begun, but in certain parts, it will look like it has begun in Canada.
' And I know that's a hard word for some folks.
It will look like that in some ways because of the trying times some of these people will face, because of the earthquakes, because of this stuff, and I'm just telling you what I saw.
But the Lord was showing me the importance of picking leaders, putting leaders into office, putting leaders into positions of authority that will yield to the spirit of the Lord if He's leading them to do that.
Not saying that Trump's always perfect, but we're praying for him, and he has a soft heart toward Him.
You can feel it.
You know God's working on him on things; you can see it.
And as you're praying over it, his heart is for America.
His heart is for making America great again physically, financially, whatever.
You can tell his heart—he doesn't have a second agenda.
He really wants to make America great again.
He obviously really wants peace.
Blessed are the peacemakers.
So as I was praying into this, I saw a scorpion rise up in England.
This was a head leader in England that turned into a scorpion, and the scorpion's tail started to stretch out over Europe.
And I could see him pinching his pincers.
This man was pinching his pincers and looking out over Europe.
And I thought, 'Well, that's really interesting,' as I was looking in the spirit and the Lord was showing me this.
So then I see this happening.
Then the Lord shows me the great Apollyon, the great Apollyon, out of the bottom of the pit.
I told you before he was spinning like a top and went and was influencing Putin, remember?
Well, this time I saw a demonic countenance start coming on his face, and I saw an escalation of war in Europe.
As I'm seeing this, I see the past.
I was taken to the past, and I see Europe as in World War II, how it looked with the tanks, the German tanks, and all their military equipment going through Europe.
But the buildings, you know how they looked in some of the old movies we watch, like 'Saving Private Ryan' or something like that, old war movies.
There were blown-up buildings in the background of what I was seeing in this vision, and an escalation of war.
But this is what I thought was interesting: as I'm seeing that, I see a line, and it goes into Cuba.
In the center of Cuba, there was a new plant of growth.
The plant sprung forth, and it had three leaves on it.
It looked like a bean sprout that sprung forth.
And the Lord said, 'New financial opportunities are going to open themselves for a lifeline to Cuba from Russia in the days ahead.
' That's what I heard, and strategic alliances will be attempted to be made for BRICS on a greater scale, dividing the line from the Western culture, the dollar, for BRICS.
And I saw this green sprout come up out of the ground, which I believe represented new growth.
So I was seeing that, and then I could see again escalation, and the Lord was warning me about praying over all this.
This is—I know I say a lot, y'all, but this is what I've been praying over the last couple of days.
And the Lord is warning me again about major voices in the body of Christ that you see, prominent ministers who are older, who are going to start to transition home.
I saw again certain voices, certain ministries that would start to transition with new faces in their ministries, as the elders would start to pass the baton, like a runner.
Did I say this publicly?
Some of this?
Okay, because some of it, y'all, because it all bleeds together, because all the visions are like a puzzle to what the Lord shows me.
They all go together.
So when I'm saying it, one piece goes to this, but it's just like to be continued.
And then he gives me more as I pray.
But as I was telling you all, I saw the baton being brought over this shoulder, and you're in stride running and you grab this and you finish the race.
And that's why I told you the Lord said, "I'm saving my best for last.
You are my closers.
" Many of the people that he has assembled here on this channel, you're the closers.
This is one of the greatest outpourings we're about to see, one of the greatest moves of the spirit of God this world has ever seen before.
And most people go, "Well, I don't know about all that, Brandon.
I've heard a lot said about this all my life.
" No, I'm telling you, the Lord told me it's time to expect supernatural breakthrough in your life, expect God to show up and show off in your life, and believe for a supernatural harvest of everything that you believe for.
I saw a lot of the seeds our ancestors sowed in prayer.
They believed, like the pilgrims.
Everybody has been praying for a major move of God, wanting a "one nation under God", having revival, doing all these things, and believing for, like, John Wesleys and so on and so on.
They have always believed for a major move of God, a harvest of souls.
And even when I was in there praying, he told me, "Brandon, I'm not coming back for an anemic church.
I'm not coming back for a defeated church.
It's not all abandon ship time, like, 'We're getting out of here.
It's getting bad.
Look at the shootings up there and going crazy.
We've got to get out of here, folks.
Boy, got to hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your relatives, whatever.
' No, it's not about hiding your kids, hiding your wives, hiding your cousins, everybody.
It's not about that.
It's about taking your authority and rising up with a backbone, like a crowbar, and being the body of Christ that God's called us to be.
" And that was what the Lord said to me.
I saw this, and I saw a gauge.
You know how when you have a pledge drive and you're believing, "Well, we're believing for an X amount of dollars, we can fill in the red square.
" He said, "Do you see this drive of how many people are born again?
This is where my goal is.
" His goal was way up here.
He said, "I don't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
Brandon, I don't want anybody to go to hell, but all come to repentance.
" He said, "Would you want any of your kids to go to hell?
" He said, "I'm a good daddy, too, Brandon.
I don't want any of my kids to go to hell, either.
" His heart is after leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
He said, "I don't want any of my kids to go to hell, Brandon.
Neither would you.
None of them.
" If you knew that Braden was going to hell, or PA, whoever, and you were watching it as a father and you're going, "Oh, no, my babies!
" And that's why he said, "I want this harvest.
" And he said, "If you just do your job and walk and take your authority and do what I've commissioned you to do on YouTube and pray, if you all will do this, I'll come back and get you.
But I'm coming back for a harvest.
" And I saw a gauge, like I said, and I said, "Lord, well, how many do you want?
" because that's my mind.
There's a bunch of them.
The tribulation is going to have people in it, right?
So I said, "Well, I'm thinking, 'Well, how many do we have to get?
What's the harvest number?
'" Five billion.
Five billion was the number I heard in my spirit—over five billion.
I know there's eight billion, but five was like, "Believe big.
" Five billion folks, five billion people.
A radical move of God for a harvest of over five billion.
To me, I'm like, "Whoa, okay, let's do it.
" Nothing's too big for God.
If we just believe, if we start plugging away and start doing what we're supposed to do, use our authority, and pray into this thing as raising up a million-person prayer army of men and women, praying and asking the Lord to send the laborers.
He said, "For the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
" Do you understand?
There's a lot of people that just go, "Well, you know, it seems like too much.
I like doing my status quo.
I like watching my soap opera," or whatever they like to do, "and eat my bonbons and ice cream because I just like my own family time.
It's not convenient.
" That's what I told you.
It's not going to be convenient church.
And what he also showed me was—what is the word that we looked up today?
Nepotism.
He says, "It's not about nepotism.
" You see a lot of ministry with nepotism as the elders, because he's talking about the elders going home.
And he said, "Well, it doesn't just fall on the next generation, Brandon.
They may go into it knowing, 'I have this name,' but you don't sustain yourself there.
It's by refining fire.
" And he was warning me.
He said, "Nepotism is poisonous in ministry.
" So what I'm trying to tell you is, you don't think you're qualified, and you don't think God can use you, but it's all hands on deck.
And just because you may think, "Well, my pastor has a son or a daughter, and it's surely going to go on them, and he's going to use them," but I'm telling you folks, you may think, "Well, I'm not qualified.
God can't use me.
" But if you just have a yielded 'yes' and your heart is right before him, he said it's all hands on deck.
And it's not going to be just because of nepotism, like, "Well, they've been in ministry their whole life, and it's been generational.
" That's baloney.
If you just have a heart and you say, "God, here am I.
Use me," he'll use you.
That's what I'm trying to say.
And a lot of times people say, "Well, Brandon, who are you?
You're not qualified.
Where did you go to Bible school?
Where did you go to this?
" I went to the school of hard knocks.
Let me tell you where I went to school: I went to the school of hard knocks.
And I may not be this Bible scholar out there—I know I read the word, I have it playing in my background, and I've had learning disabilities my whole life—but I was just a man who was a janitor that said, "God, here am I.
Use me.
" And he said, "Brandon, go on YouTube, tell people I'm coming.
" And I said, "Father, I'll do it.
" And here I am.
I'm sitting on a couch in the middle of my bedroom, and I have some lights I got off of Amazon, and I've got my iPhone right here recording me.
It doesn't take a studio with multi-million dollar cameras and multi-million dollar lights for you to be used by God.
I just got a little iPhone, and I have a green screen behind me with the revival playing so that it looks pretty for you.
But I'm here to tell you, if you just say yes to Jesus today, it doesn't matter how much money you think you have.
I've got less than a thousand-dollar iPhone that I'm making payments on every single month, but I say, "Jesus, here am I.
" So I'm trying to tell you, don't think yourself too small that God can't use you, because I was the guy that was just in the bathroom cleaning toilets not even a couple of years ago.
And I thought nobody would even look my direction.
And now, all of a sudden, I've got people calling me from all around the world saying, "Hey, we want to talk to you.
" And I'm like, "Where were you a couple of years ago?
" I'm still the same guy.
I just want to pray and tell everybody that Jesus loves them and he has a plan for their life.
Just like I told Diana, I said, "If I had to go back to cleaning bathrooms tomorrow, I'd do it because that's where I died.
" That's where Brandon found out how to hear the voice of the Lord—at the commode.
Listening to him through the hardest times of my life.
I never had someone give me a tip of the hat, saying, "Boy, you got what it takes.
" Most people always said, "You didn't.
" They didn't believe in me.
Nobody did.
But I'm telling you, Jesus did.
And Jesus believes in you.
And if He'll use me, He'll use you.
So, if you've got to get a camera out there and put your iPhone up with a little stand on it from Amazon and say, "Hey, here am I.
I'm out there.
I've got something to say.
I want to tell you about Jesus.
I'll tell you about my life today," that's what we did.
I had a vision, and the more I pray—it's like I told my friend Gina, I said, "I pray, and now I'm driving around and God takes me to the future.
I see sometimes five years in advance, and He'll show me things that are coming.
" He said, "This is what I want you to pray.
" And I'll be in that scene.
I know what's going to happen at that point, a couple of years away.
And it's developing more and more as I yield to Him and just say, "Yes, Lord.
Here am I.
Use me.
" I'm telling you, it wasn't somebody special with some big degree or somebody huge in ministry saying, "Brandon, I believe in you, boy.
You've got what it takes.
" Not one time.
Not one time.
I had people prophesy over us, but they all look at you like you're crazy.
I see visions and the Lord shows me things, but when they start coming to pass, they go, "There's maybe something to this boy.
" I said, "Well, I just love Jesus.
I just love Jesus.
" And as far as having a huge platform of everybody wanting to say that, the fakers come out wanting to be your friend now.
And then you go, "Come on, man.
I can see through that.
" But I want to tell you, Jesus saw it the whole time.
And you don't need anybody to tip their hat to you and say, "You can do it.
" All you need to do is say, "Jesus, here am I.
Use me.
" It's all hands on deck right now, is what I'm trying to tell you.
You may be in the back of a nursery room helping out with the children's church.
You may be the guy that's picking the weeds in the flower bed at the church.
I was both: going in there, cleaning the diapers up, doing it all, vomit spills.
Did it for years—15 years of my life.
Cleaned up poo all over the floor, elderly losing their bowels, walking in there and cleaning up, and you have so much it would gag a maggot.
That's how bad it was.
You would throw up all over the place, and I'd be gagging trying to clean up people's waste.
But I'd just say, "God, here am I.
Mold me.
You can use me.
If You can use this man, I'll do something for You.
" So I just have this on my heart to tell you when I hear the Lord tell me, "Brandon, I'll come back.
I want the souls.
I'm waiting.
I want Asia.
I'm calling out for Asia.
" But nothing happens in the natural until it's birthed out of the supernatural in prayer.
Nothing.
Everything is always birthed out of prayer.
And so we must pray.
I've talked too much today again, but I don't know, maybe that blessed you, maybe it didn't, but I just thought I should tell you.
I just have a heart after people and I see them so broken every single day.
When you're driving around, you see the homeless and they're tweaking out on drugs, and you just look at it and you go, "Man, there's a better way.
God has so much more for you.
He loves you and He has a plan for your life.
" Do you understand?
There are so many people who have been so religiously brainwashed that we don't realize how much Jesus Christ truly loves us and He has a plan for our lives.
But religion, the Pharisees always try to tell you you're not good enough: "Well, you have sin in your life.
He can't use you.
" You know, we live upright and we try to live holy as He is holy.
But when we fall down and skin our knee, we pick ourselves back up.
God is always there and ever-present.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
And He has His hands ready to wrap around us like the prodigal son saying, "Hey, you got this.
You can do this.
" But most people always try to disqualify you the moment they see you: "Well, he talks too much.
Well, he looks a certain way.
He's too overweight.
He's this.
He's that.
" You say, "No, God looks at the heart.
" David was the one picked last.
All the other sons were picked first, and they were looking at them going, "Man, they've got what it takes.
" And the prophet said, "Nope, not him.
Not him.
Do you have anybody else?
" "Well, we do, but he's on the backside over there and he's tending the sheep.
We're not too proud of him.
He's the one that everybody kind of looks down on.
He's kind of weird.
He plays his harp.
He's kind of different, you know.
" And he goes, "Bring him to me.
" He goes over there, looks at him, and goes, "You're the one.
You're the one playing the harp, taking care of the sheep that smell like sheep poop.
" That's the one that God uses.
So I'm just trying to encourage you.
Don't get down on yourself.
I'm trying to say all that to say: just keep on keeping on.
You've got what it takes.
And God chose you for such a time as this.
In these last days, it's all hands on deck.
So I pray that that blesses you.
Let's pray together.
I don't want to sit here and ramble, but I just felt it was good to say it.
"Father, I just thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
" We never enter into prayer on this channel without taking communion first.
Period.
It's just part of it.
We cover ourselves in the blood.
And if the Lord wants to show us something, then He does.
If He doesn't, then that's fine.
But we always cover and we pray over our nation, we'll pray over whatever prayer request.
But I want you to believe big today.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And it's time for us to be believing believers that don't have doubt in us, that say, "Hey, I believe God can do it today.
" Stop believing for tomorrow—always believing for tomorrow and the next day and the next day.
Believe for your now.
When I'm sitting there and I'm praying for my daughter Megan—you know, because Megan is overcoming special needs and she's getting better every day—He always says to me when I'm praying in the church, "Braden, why not now?
Stop always thinking for tomorrow.
Why not believe for now?
The right now.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were right now.
Speak to your mountain right now.
" So I'm trying to tell you, as we take communion, believe for your circumstance.
You know, you go, "Well, Brandon, I've had this for so many years.
My marriage has been bad for so many years.
My kids have been strung out on drugs.
You know what?
I believe someday the Lord's going to do this.
Why not today?
Why not right now?
" So, as we believe today, as we take our communion right now, believe for your expiration date.
It's like Billy Burke always says: if it started with a symptom, why not the absence of a symptom be the beginning of the healing?
Why can't the absence of it?
I always think, "Well, why not?
That's good thinking, Billy.
I love it.
Why not have the absence of a symptom be the beginning of your breakthrough?
" So let's believe that the bad report you got maybe today at the doctor that said you've got a couple of days to live, the divorce papers that you received, the husband or the wife saying, "Hey, I don't want to be married anymore...
" That God can turn your marriage around, and love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
And love never fails.
And all the things the Bible says to us, that you can turn your marriage around even if it seems like it's the darkest hour.
You may walk through the valley of the shadow of death, but it doesn't mean you have to camp there.
It doesn't mean you have to camp there.
I've walked many times through the valley of the shadow of death, and you think, 'Man, this looks really, really dark right now.
' But you don't camp there.
You get in a four-wheel-drive vehicle, you put it into first gear, and you burn rubber and get out of there.
I refuse to build a camp there and say, 'Woe is me.
I'm living in the valley.
' Don't live in the valley of your circumstance.
Believe, have an expectation that God's going to do a breakthrough in your life today.
It's time.
If we truly are living in the last days, we're going to start seeing these signs and wonders like we all say.
And I believe we're going to see it as we see it get darker and darker.
It's time for the light to get lighter and lighter on the church, on us.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the body today.
Father, I'm so grateful for what you did for us on that cross.
Father, you said in your word, 'By your stripes, we are healed.
' And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
It's already done.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And Jesus already did it.
We're not begging, believers trying to get it to happen.
We're already healed and we're already whole because the Bible said we are, and we just receive what's already a finished work of Jesus Christ.
We're healed, we're whole, we're well, and we just take this in remembrance of what he already did.
You're not trying to get healed.
You're already the healed resisting sickness.
You're already the healed saying, 'Satan, you're not stealing my healing anymore.
You're not putting sickness on me.
You're not putting disease on me.
I'm a believing believer that says, "Thus far and no further, Satan.
Get off of me.
I'm healed.
No sickness, no cancers, no diabetes, no heart disease can stand underneath what Jesus already did.
" But we've been religiously brainwashed into believing that you're the sick trying to get healed.
You're the healed resisting sickness.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're already healed.
And we thank you for that manifestation.
Thank you, Lord, for the manifestation of what we've been believing for.
Thank you, Lord, that it shows up today as the expiration date of it, that we actually see the fruit of what we believe, that it's done.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
Take your body.
And I may take communion really differently than everybody else, but it's personal to me.
You know, it's not scripted.
Every time is always different.
I just take it because it means something to me, having a relationship with the Lord.
I want a relationship with the Lord.
God is real to me.
Having a relationship with Jesus is real to me.
It's not hermeneutical, theological, all this stuff.
I just...
I hate religion.
Hate it.
But I love a relationship with Jesus.
And that's why I believe he comes and visits.
We talk.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood.
This is the blood of Jesus.
And I believe it washes all my sins.
He said in his word, 'If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
' Father, I may mess up every day.
I might mess up, but I thank you, Lord, that if I confess it, it's gone.
You don't even remember.
It's all washed in the blood.
It's all under the blood.
I thank you, Lord, that as far as the east is from the west, he's taken my sins from me.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood today.
Thank you, Lord, that we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us in Jesus' name, all around this house, all around my children, all around my wife, all around our schools, all around our churches.
The blood of Jesus, with the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
You want some water, baby?
You sure?
All right.
Well, here we go.
Here's phase two.
So, we're going to pray a little bit here.
We're going to see if the Lord has anything to show us.
We're going to pray over the nations.
I truly, after praying all day today, don't have a real leading other than to pray for the families and for our nation, for what I've seen coming.
I'm believing for a financial breakthrough.
I'm believing for a supernatural financial breakthrough for the body of Christ concerning investments and concerning things, because we need this for the jet fuel, for the liftoff of the rocket called revival.
It takes finances to do revival for all these churches.
So, whenever you need the supply for what's coming, instead of going, 'Well, we're...
' If you're not prepared for all the...
Okay, I want you just to think a little bit.
If you go down the road and you see a major college football event, there are 100,000 people in there.
Okay, we fill the stadium up with 100,000, and traffic for OU when they play here in Oklahoma is miles long for 100,000 people.
It's ridiculous to the point where you go, 'I don't even want to be out on Saturday afternoon when OU's playing or OSU, because there are just 200,000 people there.
' But the Lord said, 'I want five billion.
' That's what he told me.
I don't know, maybe he'll tell you something else.
I don't know.
But I believe that's what I heard him say.
So, for me to wrap my mind around that and to be prepared for when an event that holds 100,000 people in a college stadium...
To even comprehend that kind of...
There are 350 million people in America now.
To even get close to a million of them...
I think there are four million people in Oklahoma, 40 million in Texas.
I mean, I'm trying to give you a vast scale of...
That would be like all of Texas, all of Oklahoma, how many times over?
The whole state.
It's mind-blowing, the harvest.
But it's going to take money to get that done.
And I'm not talking about a couple hundred thousand.
We're talking, for this kind of harvest, even for pamphlets, for Bibles, for...
They're going to be thirsty to get water or whatever.
It's going to take multi-hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars, to bring in this harvest.
So, stop thinking small and thinking, 'Well, it's only for me and my family.
' And I don't understand, if we're going home in the rapture, Brandon, why do we need any money?
You're thinking too small.
It's not about you and your four and no more.
It's about him saying, 'Hey, I want my house full of all my kids.
I don't want anybody to perish, but it's going to take some money to get it done.
' And you think, 'Well, how come it's going to take...?
' Well, obviously, you've not been in church enough and working for a megachurch.
I have.
And I know what it takes just for 10,000 people on a weekend.
And you go, 'Boy, that was a lot of toilet paper.
That's a lot of hand napkins to wipe your hands, wash your hands.
It's a lot of air conditioning.
It's a lot of whatever.
' You know?
So, I want you to believe bigger is what I'm trying to stretch your capacity to believe God today, other than, 'I need my electric bill paid.
' Believe bigger today.
Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you when we pray?
Stretch your faith to believe for more than just yourself.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, that you said in your word that you supply all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
You said, Father, that you're the God that has the cattle on a thousand hills.
And we thank you, Lord, for the finances that will get the job done for this major harvest of souls, this major revival that we're about to see from sea to shining sea.
Now, I really don't have a direction in my English to pray this out, so I'm going to pray in tongues right now.
So if you don't pray in tongues, you pray in English and you pray in your own understanding.
But I've got to pray in the Holy Ghost because this job's too big for my natural mind.
It's only the Holy Spirit that can do it.
So, how many people are praying right at this moment?
3,800.
Okay, good.
That's good.
We'll pull a lot.
Today, instantaneously, I'm in Europe.
I can see, I'm seeing all around Europe, Romania in particular.
I heard the word 'gypsies'—bringing in the gypsies, bringing in the lost, bringing in the friend.
Oh, I see what the Lord's saying here.
It's the deflating of war.
Some things I see, but because of the sensitivity of what I'm seeing, the Lord said I can say that I call for the secret intelligence.
I pray over our secret intelligence.
I see President Trump.
Father, we just lift him up before you, and we thank you, Lord, for our president today.
We thank you, Lord.
We protect him.
We pray over his heart.
I pray over his veins, over his arteries.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
There's a covering over his mind, that his mind is sharp and alert in the name of Jesus.
We put a covering all around him in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you've called him and you've chosen him for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for President Trump, that he has a backbone like a crowbar and he stands for what's right in these days ahead.
He takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We put godly people around him in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for godly influence around him.
Not like oily lips, but people who have character, Father, that stand for the word of God and stand for what the word of God says of righteousness, truth, standing with Holy Ghost and fire.
I see these army people around him, and I don't know why I'm seeing that, but they're bringing intelligence to him, and I pray it's accurate.
We pray for accuracy, that nothing is inflated out of manipulation to get him to go a certain way for what intelligence they're bringing to him.
Remember I told you there are rats in the White House, there are rats in the Pentagon.
But there is a mole up north in Europe.
Remember what I've told you, and we pray for a diffusing of war, that there will be peace and revival.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up more in the days ahead.
That's what I just heard.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up in the days ahead.
I told you he'll be an Ishmael.
He'll be an Ishmael to the Isaac of what's about to—most people say, 'Oh, he's the antichrist.
' He is not.
Watch.
He'll be an Ishmael even in the months ahead.
He'll take stands against Israel, and he'll look like an Ishmael.
Everybody's going to go and sound the alarm, 'It's him!
It's him!
' But you'll have an Ishmael on your hands.
It's not true.
It's a spirit behind him that's paving and tilling the ground.
He's tilling the ground, getting it ready for the Antichrist to come.
The Lord says he's not ready, this is not him, but he's tilling the ground.
He's the forerunner, tilling the ground, tilling the ground, getting the soil ready for him.
That's why, hear what the Lord says: I pray revival in Honolulu, Hawaii.
I pray revival in Honolulu, Hawaii, Maui, all those areas around the islands.
They just popped out before me.
There's more to that.
Praying over Taiwan.
Now, I'm not just calling out things; I'm telling you that I'm seeing things.
These are strategic places that could start a great war.
I'm not just saying things, not just hearing things.
I hear the people talk.
There's somebody saying that, and I'm telling you, it's concerning a great war concerning China invading this place.
It's bigger than what you realize.
This is a very serious thing concerning Taiwan, concerning Hawaii as a middle ground, Pearl Harbor experiences.
We call revival over these areas.
We call revival in the name of Jesus.
We call revival over all of Taiwan.
We call revival in the name of Jesus, a great harvest of souls over these areas, in the name of Jesus, over Maui, over Honolulu.
They are not forgotten.
These places are for great revival.
It's in America, but it's like way out there, and people don't go there unless they have money.
But I'm telling you, there's a revival, and it's like it's not even in the forefront of people's prayers a lot of times about Hawaii.
It was all about America.
Where's the revival in Hawaii?
They don't even come up on my radar, I'm just being real with you, but the Lord brought it to me.
He said, 'I've not forgotten Hawaii, to have a major revival in Hawaii, with all the palm trees and all the pineapples and the fun things, having a major revival in Hawaii.
' One of the—to believe for a pillar of Azusa Street in Hawaii.
Who would just say yes to that?
Who is a church that will just say yes to that?
That's a Pentecostal church to say, 'Yes, here we will do it.
You're already there.
' Plant yourself and say, 'We're going to be a place of revival.
' Start saying it over your building: 'We are a place of revival.
' People are coming from all the islands to come here, and they're going to have a major revival here, and this will be a modern-day Azusa in Hawaii.
That's what I hear the Lord say.
Don't just sit there.
Well, we're off here thousands of miles out here in the ocean.
No, believe for revival in that land.
You're part of America.
Just say, 'Hey, it's going to be in Alaska, and well, in Australia, but it's not, you know what I'm saying?
' I'm just saying these areas, praying for these extensions of America just because you're not the mainland, to say, 'Listen, we're going to have revival here in Alaska and in Anchorage.
' Just like at King's Church, what we were praying when Billy Burke went up there, believing for a revival in that area, in that little town, for a major move of God in the bush way out in the middle of nowhere.
It's time to believe God that He said, 'I'll pour out my Spirit upon all flesh.
' Everybody's going to have it, anybody who says yes.
Let's have a revival.
Well, they've got to travel from Hawaii to the mainland.
No, there'll be revival on your land, right there on that little island.
I saw it pop up before me to say, 'Call it in, call it in, call it in for a revival to begin.
' The greater the blue, the greater the revival.
The greater the democratic, the greater the liberal, the greater the revival.
When I was in prayer, I told you all I saw a major Hollywood revival.
Hollywood of all places.
Hollywood is going to have a revival.
A major move of God in Hollywood.
Supernatural visitations on celebrities, praying over Mel Gibson, praying over the movie, praying over this movie that there'll be a major move of God in the movie theaters.
I'm telling you, God's going to use this movie and it's going to be a great harvesting tool.
We just got to pray into it that it stays pure.
Don't get off in weirdoville.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
Now we pray over Branson.
We pray over Texas.
We pray over Oklahoma.
We pray over all the states, Father, that there'll be a harvest.
We call in the harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in India and all throughout the Middle East and all of Africa and all of South America, all the places, Asia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is a beginning, a major move of God in the name of Jesus for a supernatural harvest in Jesus' name, that you raise up the harvesters with great fire, with great glory, Father, that the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory will be on every single believer, that Father, we'll be there and we'll just bring in the harvest one after another after another, but not just by like a fishing pole like you said, but by the netfuls.
And we are ready and we disciple them.
Remember he said, 'The babies are coming.
Be patient with my babies.
The babies are coming.
' They're all outside the church, and I saw these Leave It to Beaver mothers.
They're out there gathering up the babies.
And there were so many babies with so many diapers and so many things, but the Lord said, 'Be patient with my babies.
They're coming.
' Remember what he said?
'Don't be people who are patient with you.
You be patient with them.
Disciple them.
Raise them up.
Train them how to be backbone like a crowbar Christians that are not anemic, limp-wristed wimps.
' Lord told me, he said, 'I keep seeing it.
I see it again.
Be patient with my babies.
They're coming, church.
' So Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we're patient with the babies, Father, that you bring true pastors in that are not performance, that are not trying to get a big offering, that Father, they're just there just because they want to smell like sheep, that they want to be like the body and want to go out there and bring them to your feet, teaching the people how to be at the feet of Jesus, not with an agenda of making a huge name for themselves but just being lost in Jesus.
Just being lost in Jesus, saying, 'Father, I surrender all.
I surrender all to you.
I surrender my all to you.
Use me, Lord.
Here am I for such a time as this, Lord.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring in true pastors with pastors' hearts—pastors' hearts that are not there for, like I said, financial gain or whatever, but they're there just to bring in the lost and train up babies.
Train them up.
It's okay.
'You skinned your knee.
I'm here to help you.
' Do you get what I'm saying?
They don't have egos, no big egos, no inflated heads with pride.
Humble people with good temperament, soft-natured, good pastors.
I would say like Pastor George, you know, like real soft-natured people that are not cocky, just gentle hand.
'It's okay.
Come in.
Come in,' and teach them how to grow.
That's what I say.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for that today.
Thank you, Lord, for that today.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
You're bringing in the five-fold ministry: the evangelist, the pastor, the prophet, the teacher, and the apostle.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're raising up new men and women of God, Father, in this hour, they have a fire on them.
And he showed me, he said, 'There's rooms of it.
There's rooms of it, and it's time for his body to walk in rooms of it—new things that we've never seen before.
' We've been familiar with certain things, and the Lord said, 'Behold, I'm going to do something new.
I'm going to do something new.
' So, we've been praying into the new, praying into something we've never seen before, not doing church as usual.
Church unusual.
Thank you, Father.
Church mysterious, Father, that we don't know when you come in, you don't have a pre-selected plan.
Well, you know, we're going to do this, take up the offering, take up that—the Holy Ghost comes in and just takes over, and you go, 'What was that?
' It was just a move of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for that move of God today.
I thank you, Lord, Father, that we don't have a pre-selected plan of what the service has to look like—well, we sing for 30 minutes, we take a five-minute offering, we may give a 10-minute altar call, after that, we may give a 30-minute sermon, and then we're out of here by nine.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that it's a service that the Holy Spirit, you take control, and we come and we get refreshed and we drink from the Master's table.
We drink from that cup and we say, 'Father, here's my cup.
Lord, I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
I lift it up and make me whole.
' Thank you, Father.
That's the kind of just overflow.
Not staying in that place of just that dryness, but Father, drinking from the river.
We hear the Master calling, 'Come and dine.
' Do you believe it?
He turned the water into wine.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for a new fresh touch for your body today.
Every single one of them, Father, I know are thirsty in some way because you dump out and you dump out and you dump out, but he wants to give you a fresh drink of water today.
Thank you, Father, for just filling our cup, Lord, today.
Father, we thank you.
There's so many desperate for a good report.
Somebody's desperate for you just to touch them right where they are.
It's like I was praying the other night.
I saw people trying to self-harm themselves.
And Lord, you said call them out of that spirit of depression and suicide, praying over their mind that there's hope for them for a new future, that they don't have to give up and say, 'Man, I can't keep doing this.
' Father, he has a plan for your life.
He's knocking on your door if you just will let him in.
He's knocking on your door if you just let him in.
He's a gentleman.
He does not force his way into your life.
He's always knocking.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need, but he doesn't force himself on you.
He waits for you to say, 'I need you.
I'm desperate.
I have to have you.
' But he's not going to go, 'Well, here I am.
I'm pushing myself on you.
' That's what humans do.
He doesn't.
He's just that still, small voice inside of you.
He's a gentleman.
The Holy Spirit's a gentleman.
But I want you, if you're hungry today, if you're just thirsty today, just say, 'Father, fill me.
' Just right now where you are in your house, 'Father, I need a fresh touch.
I'm desperate, Father, for a fresh touch today.
I need you today.
I need you to fill me, to overflow.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said that those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
I thank you, Father, that today is a new start for me.
That Father, behold, you say you make all things new.
If I repent of my sins, you do all these things.
Father, I'm just here today.
I'm praying and I'm seeking you.
I'm desperate.
' And he'll meet you at that desperation.
I'm telling you, he just loves on you and just fills you with that warmth inside of you.
Say, 'You've got what it takes.
You've got what it takes.
You got this.
You can make it.
' With all the things that we're praying over, there's so many different directions we could go.
But I feel it always goes back to people just needing hope.
People are just needing some refreshing.
I can tell you about all the things that I see coming.
But the bottom line is you can hear all those things and still be empty and say, 'Man, what does that have to do with me?
' God's ready to meet you at the point of your need.
Every single one of you—there's so many of you probably right now, there's thousands of you watching right now—just sit there and say, 'Can God touch me?
What about me?
' It's like Billy Burke always says, 'I know.
I believe that He'll touch them.
' But God wants to make it personal for you.
Do you believe He'll touch you?
I believe He'll touch them.
I believe He's a healer for them.
But is He your healer?
It strikes me every single time I say, 'Yeah, I believe a lot for a lot of other people.
' But do you believe God's a personal God to you?
Do you believe that He loves you?
That He has a plan for you?
Well, yeah, I believe it.
Yeah, I've heard that.
But you know, I believe it for my wife.
No, but do you believe it for you?
Do you believe God loves you?
I really want you to soul-search today and just ask yourself.
And if your answer is no, that's where you say, 'Father, I want You to become more real to me.
I want to know You more.
Have intimacy with me.
I need a friend today.
' There's a lot of times I always tell D, 'I'd like to have a friend today to talk to.
' But Jesus is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there.
Even when you say, 'Man, I'd like to have a friend.
' No, the Holy Spirit is there.
He just comes and He'll talk to you, and you spend time just talking.
I go out and sit on my porch or whatever, and I just sit there and talk, and He's your friend.
He's your friend.
But there's so many of you that are so desperate, you don't realize how much He loves you.
That's what I'm trying to tell you today.
Going back to the first thing of what you fell in love with, like in your relationship with Him, what drew you first to it?
What did you feel?
Go back to the basics.
You've become dry in your walk with Him.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for today.
Thank you, Lord.
That's why I always say, 'Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that You have a fresh touch for me today.
Thank you, Lord, that You've made me new today.
Thank you, Lord, that You visit me and I see Your angels.
I have eyes to see with the Spirit what I'm supposed to see in the Spirit.
Thank you, Lord, that I have ears to hear and I hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice I don't follow.
You didn't make this complicated.
You didn't make this all religious.
It's just so real.
You're so real.
All this other stuff, I'll call it crap.
It's just crap.
Who cares what everybody else says?
I have a relationship with You today, Father.
' We love you, and He loves you.
How many minutes is this video, buddy?
An hour and 18.
I'll get to praying into something, but I keep going back into this because I know that it's just that one last call where He came to me and He said, 'One last call.
' He's going after you.
It's one last call.
Remember anybody who watched that visitation I had?
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
He's tugging at your heart today.
There's so many of you that are so lost.
I feel it on this channel right now.
You're watching, and you're clicking on, and you think, 'Well, who is this guy on here?
' I'm just trying to tell you that Jesus loves you.
And I feel that pull.
I feel that pull of the Holy Spirit telling me there's many of you who don't know Him.
There's many of you who are backsliding, and you're far away from Him.
You're living one foot in the world and one foot not.
And you think, 'Well, you know, it's all right.
I'll get saved later.
I'll serve God later.
' But there's many of you who will not make it through the night.
You're not.
And this is for—I speak to thousands of people every day on these channels, if not hundreds of thousands.
And many of you do not know my friend.
Many of you don't have a relationship with Him, but He wants to have a relationship with you.
And He's knocking on your heart's door right now.
He's saying, 'Hello, can I come in?
Can I be your friend?
' And you say, 'Well, I don't know about all that.
' No, I'm telling you, if you feel that scratching on the inside of you, it says no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
And you feel that drawing on you right now.
You feel that itching.
And you say, 'Man, all this sounds too good to be true.
Can God save me?
' Yes.
There's no one too far gone that God can't save.
You might be watching today, and you might be some kind of real messed up person.
You might be having all these issues, and you think, 'Man, there's no way I can come back to the Father.
There's no way I can even get born again because I really messed up.
' But there's no sin too great that God won't forgive.
There's none.
But you have to make it in your heart.
You have to confess your sins.
You have to say it out of your mouth, 'Father, I'm a sinner.
I need Jesus.
' And that's the only way you're ever going to get there is by confessing it and saying it and meaning it with your heart.
The Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
Father, I'm broke.
I need You.
I've been struggling on drugs.
I've done all this bad stuff, and I need Jesus.
But today, if you're here and you're watching this video—and I just feel it inside—you're just on the verge of the point of no return.
You're ready to do something really dumb, is what I want to call it.
And you're going, 'Man, this might be your last opportunity before you do something stupid like the guy up in Minnesota today.
' Today's your day to make a change.
Don't put off another day.
Today's your day.
Jesus is knocking on your heart.
No man comes to the Father unless He draws him.
So, I want to say a prayer with you.
I want you to pray this simple prayer with me.
And it's not all religious.
But if you're serious about making a change in your life, if you're serious about giving it all up to Jesus and saying, 'I'm done living this painful marriage, done living all this painful past, tormented in my dreams, tormented in my work, tormented when I come home—this depression, the anxiety, the fear, all this trash that keeps just running through your head, all these memories.
' If you want a new start and you can say, 'Man, today's my day.
' The Lord wants to give you an opportunity.
Do you want Jesus?
Do you want a change in your life?
'I'm tired of living this way.
I don't want to do this anymore.
' Are you fed up with your circumstances?
Are you going to keep living that way?
It's your choice.
Today is your day for salvation.
Today's your day.
You can choose a new path.
Say, 'I don't want to live...
' But He said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' Like I told you on the last video I did, it's like a child bringing up a car and saying, 'Daddy, it's broken.
Can you fix my car?
' And Daddy looks at it and says, 'Oh, this is an easy one.
It just needs a new battery.
' But whatever you have in your life that seems too broken, God can fix your circumstances.
He is just that.
He's that Daddy up there going, 'I can fix your car,' which is your life.
'I can fix this if you just give it over to me.
You stop driving the car—you don't know which way you're going—and let me drive.
' So, I want you to say this prayer.
Say, "God, I yield myself over to you.
I need you today.
" Is there anybody out there that feels they need Jesus today?
I want you just to be real.
Just get real with yourself.
Stop trying to be all tough, saying, "I got this.
" No.
Do you want to get free today?
Do you want Jesus to touch your life today?
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
But stop trying to play tough.
Stop trying to be, you know, sister whoever, that you think has it all together, saying, "I don't need God.
" No, no, no.
Everyone needs Jesus, regardless, from the richest of the rich to the poorest of the poor.
Jesus doesn't care about your race.
He doesn't care about your wealth level or whatever.
He said, "Come as you are.
" Every single one of you.
No matter if you say, "Well, I'm a Muslim, I'm a Buddhist.
" I have all kinds of people on here from all around the world that watch me all the time.
Right now, you could be watching in India.
You could be watching in Australia right now.
I don't know.
I know I have people all around the world at all times of the day watching me, and they all have the same need.
Everybody, there's nobody different.
Everybody's broken at some point in time in their life, and they need Jesus.
There's no other way out of this.
No counselor is going to help you.
No drug addiction course is going to help you.
Jesus only.
The Bible says, "You will know the truth, which is God's word, and the truth will set you free.
" If you truly want freedom today, you have to start with this and allow him to flood you.
Just get real with him and say, "I'm at rock bottom, and I need Jesus today.
I'm strung out on drugs.
" People say, "I'm strung out on porn.
I'm strung out on alcohol.
I'm strung out on gambling.
I'm strung out on this.
" But Jesus takes you just as you are.
And he says, "I want to strip all that off of you, and I want to clean you up.
I want to put a new coat on you.
I want to fix that toy or whatever, put that new battery in it, whatever it may take.
" But you've got to say this prayer, and you've got to mean it with your whole heart.
Today is the day of salvation for you.
Jesus died publicly for you, so you need to be public about yours.
And all you have to do—you don't have to go be crucified—all you have to do is put in the chat below, "I need to be saved today.
" I want you to put in the chat right now, "I need to be saved today.
I don't want to keep living this.
I can't keep doing this.
My marriage is strung out.
" He's beating on me, she's beating on me.
Who knows?
You may be at the end.
Like I said, you're at the end of your rope, and you're saying, "God, I just need some answers to this life that's such a mess.
" Well, today is the beginning of your new beginning.
Whoever you are, today is your new beginning.
"Jesus, I need a friend.
" So I'm going to say this prayer, and you're just going to say it with your whole heart.
You're going to say it with your heart, and you're going to confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
That's all.
You're going to say it with your heart.
It doesn't have to be religious.
A five-year-old child can do it.
We make it so complicated, but he's up there, an ever-present help in a time of need.
So I want you to say this prayer with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner, and I need a savior.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Cleanse me from my past and all my failures in my past.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, I serve you with all my heart.
From this day forward, I'll serve you, and I surrender my life to you.
I'm a mess, but Lord, take this mess and make it into a message.
Make it into something big for you.
I yield my heart over to you.
And from this day forward, Lord, I told you I'd serve you, but I need your help doing it.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've written my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a new start today.
I receive it by faith.
" You know, salvation is something you don't earn.
It's grace—something you can't earn and something you don't deserve.
None of us do.
But it's by grace you're saved through faith.
And today, I believe as you said that prayer, you are saved.
Now, it's simple.
You just believe it with your heart.
You just said it out of your mouth, "God, I need you.
Forgive me.
" It's over.
It's as far as the east is from the west.
He doesn't remember any more of those sins.
So even if you brought it up to him and said, "Remember when I did this?
" He'd say, "I don't remember it.
I don't remember.
It's all washed in the blood.
Behold, I make all things new for you.
" Today is your new start.
So, he gave you a new start.
Now, what are you going to do with it?
What do you do?
How do you stay on track?
You find a Bible.
You read this Bible every single day.
You read the word of God, and it will change you from the inside out.
You go to a non-denominational church.
That's what I would do.
Go to a non-denominational church, and tell the pastor there, "I got born again.
I said the sinner's prayer online with this guy on YouTube, and I got born again.
I need to get water baptized.
" Get water baptized there at the church.
Tell them, "I'm a brand new Christian.
I want to get plugged in here.
How do I get involved?
" Get involved.
Go there on Sundays, go there on Wednesdays.
Read your Bible.
Pray.
Come here and pray with us.
This is a new life for you, but you've got to walk it out.
And if you fall down in your own sin, you skin your knee again, you pick yourself up and you run back to God.
When you confess your sins, it's not when Jesus Christ finds out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
Do you understand?
He already knew you messed up.
He's not going, "Oh, well, shocker.
Guess what?
She messed up again.
Well, I guess she's too far gone.
I thought we could help her, but no, no, no.
" It's whenever you got rid of it.
So when you mess up and you say things out of your mouth—you may say some bad words just five minutes after this, who knows—but you say, "Well, I stumbled again.
" You run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
He's waiting with his arms wide open.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need, saying, "I've got this.
I'll help you.
I need you.
" And then find scripture.
Find a scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for, and you memorize that scripture and you get it inside of you.
It's the truth you know that will set you free.
You must know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
And this word is the truth; it's the word of God, and it will change you from the inside out.
Just start with something small—one verse as a new believer.
Start with one.
Don't look at it and go, "This is overwhelming.
This Bible is just so big.
I don't even know where to start with all this.
" Find one verse and get it in there, whatever you're needing.
Google it or whatever.
"Hey, I'm addicted to cigarettes.
I'm addicted to alcohol.
" Find scriptures that pertain, and then read that scripture over and over and over until it becomes real to you.
And it will change you from the inside out.
It will.
The Bible is alive, and it will change you from the inside out.
Then get plugged into church, and come over here and pray, and that's all.
But if you say, "Brandon, I can't even afford a Bible.
You're telling me all this stuff, and I'm overwhelmed.
I can't even afford a Bible.
" I'm going from paycheck to paycheck.
In fact, I'm broke until the first.
There's a lot of people out there right now that are broke until the first.
Brandon, can you help me out and get a Bible?
Well, you came to the right place.
Just for you getting born again today, Diana and I want to celebrate your salvation by buying you your first Bible as you're a believing believer now.
You're not a doubter.
And we want to buy your first Bible for you, and we want to give it to you from Amazon.
If you're in America and you're here, we'll send you a Bible for free.
You just got born again.
So tell them, babe, how do you do it?
Yes.
If you got saved on this channel and you can't afford a Bible, we want to bless you with one.
So, just go in the description, you'll find our email address and put 'I can't afford a Bible' in the title, and then put your address in there, and we will get you a Bible sent to you through Amazon.
But we won't ever use your address for anything else.
It's just simply to get this Bible to you, just to bless you, just to celebrate your new decision today.
So, just email us.
Yes.
But we just want to love on you and tell you, you know what?
We've been there.
We've all been at the beginning, and we love the babies, the baby Christians.
This channel is about loving people.
We want to love on you.
And we're so thankful for every single one of you that come out every single time and pray with us.
I know that might have been all over the place tonight, but there's so many things that are on my heart and I could go a million and one ways, but I just kept coming back to souls.
Jesus wants to save you today.
After I saw what the Lord said, and he said to me, 'Fill that pie graph up.
Get this harvest.
' And I'm like, 'Well, then what else is there to do other than to make the Father happy with what he wants?
He wants all his sons and daughters to come into salvation.
It's time to come home.
And this is your opportunity today.
I pray you took it if you were here.
' Was there any of them got born again in the chat?
8%.
Well, praise the Lord.
I don't know how many that is, but that's neat.
Over a thousand.
Over a thousand people.
Of 4,000.
So 8% of 4,000.
That's a lot.
You can tell I told you my math is not my strong point.
That's 320 people.
320 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Glory to God.
That's amazing.
Hallelujah.
Well, welcome to the family.
Praise the Lord.
I'm excited you're here.
That's amazing.
Wow.
From all over the world.
And no telling more later as they watch it.
Yeah, because the video will go on here and people in the live.
Yep.
So, is there anybody else need a prayer request or whatever?
I mean, like I said, we can jump in the river more, but my green screen...
Sorry, my green screen's falling.
Told you.
Told you my green screen back there trying to keep...
Don't let the revival fall behind you.
You got to keep the tent up.
I think it was whenever you said 'I'm just sitting on my couch' and you pulled it.
Oh, has it been down that whole time?
Probably.
Did the tent fall down the whole time?
Oh, no.
That's Oral Roberts' tent behind us.
You can't knock on Oral Roberts' tent.
He's back there in the revival in that tent back in the 50s.
He's like, 'What are you doing?
I'm trying to have revival back here.
' So, well, praise the Lord.
I don't know, are they needing anything?
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
Let's pray for your healing today.
You want to believe for your healing today?
Anybody that is healed body, let's believe God for your healing today.
Diana and I will agree with you.
We'll be your two.
You want to believe, you want to pray out there, you believe?
I want to believe, touch and believe with you through this camera screen right now.
Father, we thank you, Lord right now in the name of Jesus.
I come in agreement with them that today is the expiration date for their sickness.
Healing belongs to you.
It's the children's bread.
You said in your word, Father, that by your stripes we are healed.
And as of today, Lord, we are no longer sick.
We're going to walk in divine health.
And we will live long and finish strong.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over every single person here right now in the name of Jesus.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're healed and whole and well of diabetes, heart disease, high cholesterol, high blood pressure.
Father, I thank you Lord for cataracts of the eyes are being healed, for glaucoma, through retinal detachment.
Father, I thank you Lord for ears are popping open right now in the name of Jesus.
We call ears to open.
We call ears to hear and hear clearer in the name of Jesus.
I thank you Lord that the hair follicles and the eardrum are restored in the name of Jesus.
I thank you Lord for liver fatty liver disease and gallbladder disease.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over every single one of you in the name of Jesus.
We call your bowels and your colon to line up with the word of God.
We speak to constipation and over polyps and over any kind of tumor in the colon.
We call you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank you Lord that any kind of prostate issues or ovary issues or reproductive issues, we call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank you Lord that they are able to conceive, if they're believing for a baby, if they're believing for a child.
Father, I thank you Lord that blessed are the fruit of the womb in Jesus' name.
We call babies to come forth in the name of Jesus.
We call children to come forth.
Blessed is the womb.
Father, you said you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
Lord, we call healing and wholeness and deliverance over their bodies from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Lord, nothing missing, nothing broken.
They're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, even their toes, I see toes being healed.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over corns on the toes.
Corns on the toes are being healed right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that heel spurs are being healed.
We call heel spurs, Father.
Nothing's too big, nothing's too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And we thank you, Lord, for new knees.
We call new knees, Father.
Cartilage in the knees is being healed right now.
I call healing over the knees right now in the name of Jesus.
Over both knees, over elbows, over tennis elbow, over all the...
what is this...
carpal tunnel syndrome.
We call carpal tunnel syndrome right now to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank you Lord over any kind of appendicitises and over stomach ulcers and over digestive issues from the esophagus all the way down, Father, over esophagus cancers and over mouth cancers and over tumors in the body.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over them in the name of Jesus.
Heart blockages over all four, over the arteries, over your neck, over the arteries of your neck.
We call Father for the blood to flow like it's supposed to.
All clogged arteries to be lined up with the word of God, that they flow, flow, flow in the name of Jesus.
No more blockages, no more pain, no more thyroid disorders.
Father, we call deliverance over hormones in Jesus' name.
Deliverance over their bodies in Jesus' name.
We thank you Lord that you said for whom the Son hath set free is free indeed.
We call healing over their minds.
No more torment of the minds over PTSD.
We call healing over PTSD right now in the name of Jesus, being tormented at night, night terrors.
We plead the blood.
Father, you said you give your beloved restful sleep.
As they sleep, they put their head down on their pillow and they sleep sound, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We cover them, Father, according to Second Timothy 1:7, that God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
They have that balanced mind right now in the name of Jesus.
And when they lay their head on the pillow, they sleep a sound sleep.
Father, I thank you, Lord, their dreams are not tormented by demonic spirits.
We plead the blood over their dreams.
We plead the blood over their households.
We plead the blood over their marriages.
And we thank you, Lord, that they'll live long and finish strong, Father.
And they'll finish and do the work of the Lord in the name of Jesus today.
We give you all the glory.
Even plantars over the feet, swelling, it's gout.
I see gout being healed right now.
I see gout is being healed right now.
Yep.
That's what the Lord says.
Gout is being healed right now.
Receive your healing from gout.
Painful.
Whenever you get the shingles, shingles is being healed right now.
I've seen that the shingles is very painful.
Somebody's dealing with shingles very bad and it's very painful, and I call you healed and whole and well of this nerve-ending problem.
I call you delivered from this right now in Jesus' name.
With the lungs, when you're smoking too much, COPD, I see the lungs.
He's scraping the lungs.
He's cleaning those lungs right now.
He's cleaning the lungs right now in the name of Jesus.
They have the oxygen thing on.
They've been breathing and they're dying from this, and the Lord's renewing the lungs right now.
And it's not from smoking.
This is from bad chemicals, paints, and bad fumes causing lung damage on your lungs.
It's been because of what you've worked with.
You've worked with this, and the Lord's healing your body from this, and you're feeling—the Lord said they're feeling warmth on their lungs right now as you're watching this.
You're feeling warmth on your lungs right now.
This is the first stages.
I feel the Holy Ghost on that.
I'm telling you, your lungs are being healed.
God's giving you brand new lungs and he's cleansing those lungs.
I see a Holy Ghost glow over these lungs, and it's starting from the top and it's going down.
You're feeling a warmth come on your lungs right now.
The Lord said he's healing your lungs.
Breathe.
Act in your faith.
Believe by faith.
Breathe in Jesus' name.
He's scraping and cleaning those lungs right now in the name of Jesus.
I see it in a vision right now.
I see it.
And the Lord told me, 'I see the glow on your lungs.
It's up at the top and it's going down.
' Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
I rejoice with you.
I see the tubes going out of the lungs.
And it's that clear.
Somebody's getting brand new lungs today.
Asthma.
The Lord said asthma is being healed right now.
Believe it right now.
Asthma is going away right now in the name of Jesus.
Do what you couldn't do before.
Breathe by faith.
Breathe.
Breathe clear.
Breathe in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Brand new lungs today.
Asthma is being healed today.
I believe.
I receive.
Just receive it.
Just say, 'I believe.
I receive.
' Nothing's too hard for you, Lord.
I believe.
I receive it right now.
Everything you said I can have, I have.
Everything the Bible says I can do, I'll do.
I receive it in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from all kinds of addictions.
I see critters on people—I say critters, I say devils.
They're devils on folks.
And you need freedom from this stuff.
There are addictions.
It's really interesting because it looks like a cloak what I see on folks, and today's your day of deliverance.
You've been tormented for quite some time.
Things are moving around in your house.
Objects are moving around, and you think, 'Well, it's just Casper the friendly ghost.
' This is a demonic spirit.
Anoint your house with oil.
You say, 'Well, it is olive oil.
' Whatever you fight, anoint your house with oil, plead the blood, and take communion.
If you have a cracker, whatever you have, take communion and tell it to get out.
You got to be a believing believer.
This is not a friendly ghost.
This is not a friend.
This is a demonic spirit that's tormenting you in your house.
Plead the blood over your home and tell it to get out.
It's a low-level devil.
Tell it to get out.
Say, 'No, we're not doing this anymore,' and plead the blood over where you sleep.
Anoint your head over your pillow.
Anoint your head over your pillow and say, 'Where I put—from the top of my bed to the bottom, I anoint both.
I sleep sound without this torment, without having cold feelings and goosebumps.
' That's what I hear: cold feelings and goosebumps.
You feel this.
This is a spirit messing with you, this demonic spirit messing with you, and this is what the Lord says.
This is not him.
It's not Casper the friendly ghost.
This is not something funny.
It's demonic, and I see the house.
There might be multiple houses after you deal with this many people, but I see one in particular.
The Lord said it's time for you to get free.
No more being tormented by this.
Find videos—I'm going to tell you this, this would help you—find videos about demons and deliverance by Lester Sumrall on YouTube.
Listen to Lester Sumrall on demons and deliverance on YouTube and meditate and listen to the word of God what he's talking about.
Lester Sumrall, this is his main vein.
This is what he did.
He was amazing walking in deliverance and stuff.
Listen to those sermon series from Lester Sumrall on YouTube and feed your spirit and realize that the devil is an idiot and he don't have a room to torment you anymore.
Too many people are afraid of stuff like that.
You say, 'No, I'm not going to let that.
I'm going to anoint my household.
' And then you get big George, like my angel.
You say, 'I got a big angel,' and say, 'Listen, you come over here and you protect me as I sleep with your sword and shield drawn, and you don't let no boogie-boogie thing come up here trying to mess up my house.
' You know what I'm saying?
That's what you got to do.
Plead the blood of Jesus.
Make much of the blood.
Warring angels.
Make much of the blood and the blood will make much of you.
And anoint your kids with oil as they go to school tomorrow.
Pray over your kids.
Pray over them as they go to the mall.
Pray over them as they go to sporting events.
Take your authority and pray over your children.
Nobody else is going to like you will.
You have authority over your kids.
You pray over your kids.
I agree with you.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Right now, we're going to agree.
You want to pray over your kids right now before we go?
Let's pray over your schools.
This is how you do it.
Okay.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus for our children.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus all around the schools right now, around where my kids go to school.
And I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Father, I claim Psalm 91.
Father, you said in your word that the angels will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I thank you, Father, that there's a covering over my kids in the name of Jesus.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my children and no weapon formed against them is going to prosper as they go to school today.
Father, I thank you.
Concerning any bullies that are tormenting my kids, being bullies to my children, I bind the maneuvering of the spirits that try to maneuver in those devils and in those children trying to torment my kids.
And I say thus far and no further, Satan, leave my children alone.
They'll go to school unbullied.
They'll be untormented when they go to school by these bullies.
Because what is happening is the darkness in them is trying to come against the light in them.
But the light needs to be brighter.
And that's when you pray as a mama and a daddy, saying, "You're not going to torment my children by this demonic spirit.
" Because we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
We don't wrestle against the kid.
It's the demonic spirit maneuvering in that kid, trying to torment the light in my kid.
Do you understand?
So you plead the blood of Jesus over the bullies, and we say, "Stop bullying my kids in the name of Jesus.
" We take authority over that spirit in the name of Jesus, and you will not torment my child anymore.
You have to stand now in Jesus' name.
So that's what you're going to do.
I want you to just do that for your children, and you pray over them, and you thank you, Lord.
You anoint them with oil, and you do all the things you can do now, covering the schools so no more shootings like this take place.
This is a demonic spirit.
That guy, he took his life.
All that stuff happened.
This is a demonic spirit.
And we pray over those grieving families that have lost their loved ones, and those families of the seventeen children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that you go to the hospitals.
You go to the place where those families are that have lost their children.
And Father, I call a comfort over them.
Father, in their time of grieving, where they're hurting, and they're hurting so bad, Father, these families that are so sad, who have lost their child today.
God, I thank you, Lord, that you are the comforter, and that you go into that room, you go into those places.
And Father, where there seems to be darkness, Father, I thank you that you give them hope.
Father, I pray a peace that passes all understanding over their hearts and minds today in this time of grieving.
And I thank you, Lord, that what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good.
Father, I call revival over that neighborhood.
I call revival over those families in this time of grieving, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you are there.
You're giving them that warm embrace, showing them, Father, that comfort in this time of grieving, in that time of pain.
No words really can say anything to take away that hurt.
But Father, that you right now will meet them at the point of their need, and love on them, and show them that you have a plan for their life, and that their child's in heaven with you.
I thank you, Father, that this would be the time even for the dead to be raised, that there's a believing believer with fire in them.
Father, if it's your will, Father, I believe it.
Father, you said that the Great Commission is to lay hands on the sick, and to go into all the world, cast out devils, and raise the dead.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith is rising up on the inside of us.
We doubt the doubt, and we raise our faith up, and we raise the dead in these last days.
Father, it's not something that should be abnormal.
It becomes normal to raise the dead.
For Father, when a young child is robbed of their life, it's to raise the dead.
It's never God's will to kill, steal, and destroy.
The Bible says that the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but God has come that we might have life, and life more abundantly.
God didn't kill those kids; the devil did.
So, I believe, Father, that there'll be believing believers that will rise up and pray.
And I believe that there could be kids coming back today.
We've got to believe bigger now.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're comforting all the things that need to happen.
But, Father, as we pray over our president, we pray over this nation.
So we thank you, Lord, that there is a divine protection over this nation going into September, October, November, and December, for an acceleration of finances for all the things that we need to get the job done, for impartation of the glory over Charis Bible College, over Collinsville, over Branson, over Living Word, and Eagle Mountain.
Those are the places the Lord showed us.
We call revival over these places, that Father, the Holy Ghost and fire would show up at Charis Bible College with Andrew Wommack.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that they are training up people.
They're training up believers to go into all the world and preach the gospel.
But, Father, there's about to be a major revival on that campus.
There's about to be a major revival at ORU.
There's about to be a major revival.
I see it.
Bigger than Asbury.
People coming from all around the world to get a touch from Jesus at the Mabee Center.
Glory to God.
Who believes that with me today?
Do you believe?
It's time to believe that Colorado Springs is going to have a major revival.
That Colorado Springs is going to have this.
And not only that, but that it be from the mountains to the central, to the east, to the west, to Hollywood, to all of it.
Glory!
And all around Asia, all around Australia, all around New Zealand, all around the Philippines—every available voice.
Hallelujah.
Is that so?
We prayed for the sick, we prayed for healing, we pray for deliverance, we prayed for the kids, we prayed for marriages.
I guess that's about it, right?
I think that's about it.
We've prayed for everything now.
I think we covered your house, and we prayed for the pastors to rise up with compassion.
I think we've prayed for everything now.
It's like what else do you want to pray?
But I think that's good.
Well, thank you for joining us today.
We really appreciate you all coming out and praying with us.
I believe as we all gather together and pray as a body, we have power and authority.
And I'm telling you, it's like what they say, 'Many hands make light work.
' Yes, many hands make light work.
We are strong together as a praying community here.
So thank you for joining us.
If you could, could you all do us a favor?
We never ask for anything other than this: subscribe.
If you're new here and you haven't subscribed...
A man emailed me and said, 'You should tell the boomers that subscribing is free.
' That's what he said.
He's an elderly guy and he said, 'Tell the boomers, the older generation, that subscribing is free.
They don't know.
' Subscribing to our channel is free.
It doesn't cost you anything.
It is just a little click on the thing up there.
So if you could just click the little button up there for the free subscription, saying, 'Hey, I want to be a part of your YouTube community.
' All it does is notify you when we make new videos.
And it's completely free.
It's free.
It's not asking for anything but to subscribe.
Click the button, subscribe, and click the notification bell—the little dingy bell up there.
Click that bell so you'll know.
Click the like button, comment something nice down below, and that helps us with the YouTube algorithm.
I thought that was so kind of him to email us that.
Yes, he said, 'I didn't know, and I just found out.
' And I think you should tell people that because I didn't know.
And I said, "That's a good idea.
" Yeah, because he said, "People don't know that it don't cost them nothing.
" Because I thought it cost me something to do.
When you say subscribe, it does kind of sound like we're asking for money.
Yeah, like you have to pay for it, but it's just how YouTube works.
I thought, "Well, I never thought of it that way.
" Yeah.
But yeah, we ain't asking for nothing.
We want to help people.
They're so kind, thoughtful, and they just say, "Well, I'm just going to tell Brandon.
" What do you have on your heart?
I'm going to put you on the spot live.
I talk all the time.
I'm tired.
My mouth is dry now.
No, and so I say, "I thought it was...
I was just...
I want you to talk.
I was just praying.
I'm just here to pray.
" After that, I said, "I've got to have a break.
" I said, "I poured it out.
" There you go.
Amazing.
Well, I pray that they got blessed.
You know, you've got to have somebody standing with you in your corner.
You know, there's too much limp-wristed weakness.
I say somebody's got to have some spark up in here to say, "Listen, we're going to be believing for something up in here, and we're not going to be doubters.
" You know, I'm tired of religion and living broke, busted, and disgusted, barely getting by, the devil steamrolling us over, coming and being a devourer at our house, going, "Who's next?
" Yeah.
You know, when you wake up, you say, "Did you make it through the night?
Did the devil get you?
" I mean, there are so many people believing that way.
And I'm here to tell you, it's time to be happy.
The Lord said, "Days of great fun have just begun.
It's time to have a smile on your face and a song in your heart," like I always say, saying, "Listen, it's time to enjoy life and be believing believers.
We're coming into the best part of the year.
We're on the victory side.
" Yeah.
In my opinion, this is the best: September, the Jewish feast days, all that.
October's fun.
The Christmas season's fun.
I believe Thanksgiving's fun.
It's time.
It's like the Lord said, the fun has just begun.
It's time to have a good attitude and say, "Hey, we've got what it takes to have victory up in here.
" Yes.
I told you all this.
We're going to the prayer conference in Branson in October, but we're going to only probably spend three days there.
Kim Clement's daughter, she said she wanted to...
Donne asked, she said, because I told her I was going to Tennessee and she said, "Let's do some videos.
" And so I might go...
I'm going to go to her studio where they do her thing up in Tennessee or whatever, and we're going to do some videos at her house and do some stuff with her in Tennessee in October and take some time.
But we want to spend first Wednesday, Thursday, Friday at Billy Brim's and listen to Lynne, maybe, is what we're thinking, is what we're trying to do.
Not promising, but I'm just saying we just want to let people know because there are people that are planning.
Yeah, they're wanting to meet us, and they're wanting to say hi to us.
If you're going for Billy Brim, go to that.
Yeah.
But some people, we told them that, and I wanted to make sure if they're trying to see us or something.
Yeah, that's what I...
Did I make that clear?
Yes, because you always help me.
I want to make sure if I communicate it.
But just saying, I was excited that Kim Clement's daughter, Donne, maybe, to do videos with, and say, "Listen, that's fun.
" Well, that's what I had for you all today.
I could sit here and just talk or whatever, but I don't want to waste your time anymore.
God bless you all.
Remember, how many people here right now?
3,900.
That's a lot of people just to hear me chatter.
But put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Thank you for all those things, those little...
I want to say that.
Super thanks.
I saw them coming up on your phone.
Thank you for the Super Thanks.
Yes, thank you so much.
There are so many people that are such a blessing, and I don't want to ever just bypass that.
Thank you for all that love towards my family.
I appreciate you all being that.
We pray over your seed, that you reap back a hundredfold return.
I don't know how good my ground is.
So I always...
You know, I know when I sow, yeah, I'm believing God.
I told Billy Burke, I said, "I don't know how good my ground is.
I know how good his ground is.
" We sow, we know.
But when people give to you, you don't know how good your own ground is.
So I said, when people bless you like that, I say, "Lord, help them, because I need...
I know if I was giving to it, I'd want a harvest.
" So I pray over every single one of your seeds that you blessed our family with today.
And we thank you, Lord, that they reap back a hundredfold return, not in months, but now, in Jesus' name.
That it's a quick harvest.
It's Miracle-Gro and Miracle-Gro soil, in Jesus' name.
And we thank you for it.
Amen and amen.
Right.
Yes.
Well, thank you for joining us today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Have a wonderful night.
Right.
Oh yes.
Bye-bye.